Add PPR support (#5)
anangl/zephyr: snippets/nordic-ppr/README.rst

.. _nordic-ppr:

Nordic PPR snippet (nordic-ppr)
###############################

Overview
********

> This snippet allows user to build Zephyr with the capability boot Nordic PPR
> (Peripheral Processor).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This snippet allows users to build Zephyr with the capability to boot Nordic PPR
(Peripheral Processor) from another core.
```

Author: done
